# CS-255

The client for the project was DriverPass. They were looking to get a system developed that would be capable of allowing users to take online practice tests, view DMV documents, offer 3 tier packages for on-the-road driving lessons with an instructor, and allow the user to create an account that could store various information including their test scores. I thought that I did the diagrams particular well, especially after some practice. It took some time to get used to the lucid chart system but after some practice I found it to be very user-friendly once you get over the learning curve. If I could revise one document it would probably be the Lucid Charts from earlier in the course, especially the Gnatt chart since I didn't really like the way I had it formated. I would restructure it so that it looked more neat since the format wasn't really all that great. I also made some mistakes on the bottom of the chart by using the wrong shape, I used a diamond instead of the rectangular boxes. I wrote down the various needs of the users before working on any of the actual diagrams. That made it easier for me to visualize what I had to do before doing it. It's important to consider the user's needs because ultimately, the system is for them, not the company. If the system doesn't run well or doesn't keep the user in mind, the system will likely be disappointing to the owner and the company. The user should always come first, or atleast that's my perspective on it. When designing software it's important to first ask yourself what it needs to be able to do. It's best to do that from a macro perspective, looking at the big picture before focusing more on the more specific needs for the system. I like to take the process in parts and clean things up once I get everything drawn up. Once I'm satisified with that, I begin the actual development process.
